what do you have this here is a fucking
ghost pepper and that is a Moruga
scorpion world's hottest pepper ready go
cheers ranchers oh my god don't walk
away stay right here Wow want some
peanut butter sandwich he's done did you
swallow it machines broken ice oh
there's no not the machines rope there's
no milk my game my can't even hurt Mike
laughing I could smell it oh wait you
poop later say cheese
this mom how's your stomach feel inside
I visited I can give him a beggar meet
you can in your feed my baby may go come
back over here wait hi Mike you can get
a few my bedroom pleaded that's funny
did why are you limping like your balls
hurt is your stomach hurts inside
are you gonna be okay are you sweating
please say something tell us how it
feels
tell us how it feels my face is a
shaking violet
actually if Ashley it's not why would
you do that to yourself it's not as
funny as i thought i was going to be
heat yeah that'd be done you're still
gonna eat the other one in a couple
weeks you getting hot over there feel
all warm inside hat holy shit he's
sweating like a Big Mike over there
sweating Matt's over here look at his
eyes man let me see your eyes